---
layout: post
title:  "Learnium and Microsoft collaborate to help UK's 4.3 million students"
date:   2016-01-14 13:17:00 +0000
teaser: Learnium and Microsoft have teamed up to change the way students learn, communicate and collaborate. Learnium joins an innovative band of companies invited to integrate their products and features with Microsoft Office Online. Both companies will jointly make their combined product offering freely available to an estimated 4.3 million full and part-time United Kingdom students. The initiative is designed to enhance the student learning experience and support institutions and lecturers in their drive to maintain the momentum of improved educational outcomes.
---
Learnium and Microsoft have teamed up to change the way students learn, communicate and collaborate. Learnium joins an innovative band of companies invited to integrate their products and features with Microsoft Office Online. Both companies will jointly make their combined product offering freely available to an estimated 4.3 million full and part-time United Kingdom students. The initiative is designed to enhance the student learning experience and support institutions and lecturers in their drive to maintain the momentum of improved educational outcomes.

Learnium is an online platform that helps students connect with other students and also their university and college teaching staff. Users can seek answers, share knowledge and interests, revise together and even find out what’s happening on campus. Teachers can also use the platform and upgrade their accounts with premium features for advanced class management and course delivery. The integration with Microsoft enables all users on Learnium to also create and collaborate on documents seamlessly from anywhere, anytime and on any device. Every UK higher and further education student can now signup to Learnium for free, by visiting the company’s website at www.learnium.com .

Robert Dragan, Learnium’s CEO, commented “Our collaboration with Microsoft reinforces our strategic focus on improving the educational experience. Students will benefit from the ability to share ideas and knowledge and collaborate on documents in Learnium. It’s been an exciting year for us. In April we secured seed funding and in September we opened up the platform to all United Kingdom higher and further education institutions. The response from student unions, universities and colleges has confirmed the positive impact Learnium is having on students.”

Microsoft is a global leader in both software and hardware solutions and services. Office Online is Microsoft’s suite of productivity apps that allow users to create and edit Word, Excel and PowerPoint files from any web-browser. Microsoft has a drive to improve education worldwide through its Office apps and all other products. Seen as an innovative solution for the higher and further education markets, Learnium joins an innovative band of educational technology companies that have incorporated the Office Online suite within their offerings.

Mark Stewart, UK education partner lead at Microsoft said, “Learnium provides an exciting, new platform for students to learn, communicate and collaborate online. With the integration of Office Online, students will be able to work whenever and wherever they want, directly from their web-browsers and mobile devices.”
